com/kodilla/basic_assertion/App.java
 com.kodilla.basic_assertion.App
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/Quadrat.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.Quadrat
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/Triangle.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.Triangle
com/kodilla/basic_assertion/Application.java
 com.kodilla.basic_assertion.Application
com/kodilla/abstracts/Animal.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.Animal
com/kodilla/basic_assertion/ResultChecker.java
 com.kodilla.basic_assertion.ResultChecker
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/Shape.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.Shape
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/ShapeProcessor.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.ShapeProcessor
com/kodilla/abstracts/Application.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.Application
com/kodilla/abstracts/Dog.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.Dog
com/kodilla/basic_assertion/PrimeChecker.java
 com.kodilla.basic_assertion.PrimeChecker
com/kodilla/bank/homework/Bank.java
 com.kodilla.bank.homework.Bank
com/kodilla/inheritance/homework/OperatingSystem.java
 com.kodilla.inheritance.homework.OperatingSystem
com/kodilla/school/Student.java
 com.kodilla.school.Student
com/kodilla/abstracts/Duck.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.Duck
com/kodilla/inheritance/Application.java
 com.kodilla.inheritance.Application
com/kodilla/inheritance/Convertible.java
 com.kodilla.inheritance.Convertible
com/kodilla/basic_assertion/Calculator.java
 com.kodilla.basic_assertion.Calculator
com/kodilla/inheritance/homework/Windows98.java
 com.kodilla.inheritance.homework.Windows98
com/kodilla/inheritance/homework/AppW98.java
 com.kodilla.inheritance.homework.AppW98
com/kodilla/inheritance/Car.java
 com.kodilla.inheritance.Car
com/kodilla/school/Grades.java
 com.kodilla.school.Grades
com/kodilla/basic_assertion/AppPow.java
 com.kodilla.basic_assertion.AppPow
com/kodilla/abstracts/AnimalProcessor.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.AnimalProcessor
com/kodilla/bank/homework/CashMachine.java
 com.kodilla.bank.homework.CashMachine
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/Rectangle.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.Rectangle
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/Job.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.Job
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/TaxiDriver.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.TaxiDriver
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/Person.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.Person
com/kodilla/abstracts/homework/Builder.java
 com.kodilla.abstracts.homework.Builder
